Previously on "Chasing Life... "
It's about your health.
- What are you talking about?
- You have cancer.
You're like the first person
I've ever dated that...
I can actually see a future with.
I've got three or four
months to live, if I'm lucky.
I have a lot of stuff
to figure out right now.
And I think it's probably
better if I do it on my own.
Please have the surgery.
I made this decision long before you.
Honestly, I don't need you in my life,
if you're on a mission
to make me rethink that.
I was with Natalie.
My sister, who you never told me about.
-  April told me.
-  April knows, too?
Do remember when we were
talking about what happened
the other night and we
said that it was nothing?
I'd be lying if I kept saying that.
I could never forget about
what happened that night.
But trust me, I am the wrong
horse for you to bet on.
But that other guy...
That's the one who actually
might win it for you.
You got a lot of really great
people taking care of you.
But right now, I need
to take care of myself.
What are Leo's parents doing here?
April, there's a voicemail on your phone.
- It's from Leo.
- Oh, my God.
April, it's Leo.
I have something important to tell you.
Wouldn't it be funny if the voicemail
ran out of time before I got to the point?
Sorry, okay, um...
So lately, you've got me
thinking a lot about death.
Or maybe more about life, I'm not sure.
Anyway, I've made a pretty big decision.
What?
What happened?
Leo's getting the surgery.
To remove the brain tumor.
I guess he's about to go in.
I can't believe it.
Wow. I mean... I don't really understand
why he was so against
it in the first place.
I mean, I guess there's like, a...
A 50% chance that something could
go wrong with the surgery, so...
Meaning what, exactly?
Well, I mean, like...
Brain damage, and...
You know...
Death.
Oh. Well, at least he's trying.
Clearly you've made an impression on him.
Not that you should blame
yourself if anything goes wrong.
Almond milk,
unprocessed bran.
I wish you'd let your mother-in-law
buy her own groceries when she visits.
That's not how hospitality works, mom.
You're talking to me about hospitality?
I'm letting the woman stay in our home.
Even though she always
starts a grandma competition over
who's closer to the girls,
when I obviously am.
I really think Lynn's gonna
be on her best behavior.
She won't want to add to any drama.
She can't help it. Do you
remember last Christmas?
She turned this whole house upside down.
She really thought we had bedbugs.
And we didn't. And you know
what else we didn't have?
Christmas dinner.
Let's just not add any
fuel to the fire, okay?
Like, let's not mention Thomas'
affair while they're here.
It would just break Artie's heart.
You know he always put
Thomas on a pedestal.
Thomas is the only one Artie never bullied.
Yeah, he's always embarrassing me.
Asking me if I have a
boyfriend in front of people.
He should've come a few weeks ago,
then you could've told him you
had a boyfriend and a girlfriend.
Yeah, well, soon it will
just be a girlfriend.
Oh. Did Greer's parents
have a change of heart
about you two dating?
No, but they're sending her off
to this summer program in Oxford
to keep us apart.
I'm just...
Hoping that they'll forget about it
by the time she gets back.
Party's over.
- Hey!
- Hi, you made it!
Hello, precious.
Now, uh...
I hope that you will give us
a little alone time with April.
You've probably already visited her.
Of course.
There's plenty for me to
do around the house anyway.
Like, fumigate it...
Again.
- Oh, darling!
- Hi!
Look at her!
Bet you're driving all the boys crazy.
- Eh...
- And here's a little something
to make your boyfriend jealous.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
Who wants bran?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Sync and corrections by Albanda
www.Addic7ed.com
It's too hard to read this.
I wanna be writing it.
Even six days away from
work already feels like...
I don't know, like...
Lost a part of me.
Every day I'm here I lose something else.
Yeah, I know, but you get it all back.
Except Dominic.
Pretty sure he's gone for good.
Maybe, Leo, too.
Hey, you know what?
I think that you should tell the nurses
that you're in a lot of pain today.
Get a morphine drip. Oh, yeah.
Maybe not the day that my grandparents
are coming to visit.
I used to go to Seattle every summer.
And then... I just keep
blowing off the trips for work.
I'm a bad granddaughter.
No, you're not. All right?
You know what, if it
makes you feel any better,
I am also losing things.
Like my mind.
I have officially blown through
all of my savings
since I quit my job, so now...
I really can't afford to live alone,
and that means I'm looking for
a job, a roommate,
and an apartment.
Do you want me to look for you?
Uh, yeah, no. There's no way
I'm letting my cancer-stricken best friend
do anything for me right now.
No, really, please. I need...
I need a project.
Let's go online, come on.
We can judge people.
- Mom.
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- I thought you were coming
later with gran and grandpa?
Well...
I just wanted to talk
to you about something
before you see them.
Beth, I'm sorry, do you
mind giving us a minute?
Yeah, sure. I'm just gonna...
Head over to the vending machine and...
Get my groceries for the week.
Can we...
talk about Natalie?
Um...
Yeah, sure.
It's really convenient timing,
bringing this up when I'm all weak...
six days into chemo.
What? You think I didn't plan that?
How long did you know?
I found out while I was
going over your dad's will.
Is that when Uncle George found out too?
No, George knew much longer.
We had a big fight about it
right before your dad's funeral.
I'm the one who told him...
not to come.
And I feel terrible
that I let you girls
think the worst about him.
Oh, mom.
It's okay, you were just...
trying to protect us. I get it.
Do granny and grandpa know?
No.
And I don't think it's
our place to tell them.
I won't say anything.
It's funny, I...
Keep feeling like it's December
because I only ever see them at Christmas.
Then...
I remember that I'm stuck in a
hospital on a random day in May.
Merry Christmas to me.
- Hey!
- Hey.
Brought you some of my
old standby breakup food.
Bacon-jalapeño chocolate.
My buddy Isaiah in west
Cambridge makes it in his attic.
Is there anything else in
here that I need to know about?
Nah.
I mean, if you ever need to like...
Relax your muscles after an injury, or...
Want to sleep on a plane
or something, it won't...
Not help.
You wanna go grab some lunch?
I feel like I need to get out of the house.
Uh, actually...
Beth's waiting for me downstairs.
We got plans.
She didn't want to come up, huh?
I'm sure you get it, you know?
You just broke up with
her friend last night...
In the hospital.
God, I hate how that makes me sound.
You know everyone's gonna
think that I'm like, evil,
because this happened while
April's in the hospital.
But I'm the one that got screwed over here.
Look, even if they talk about it,
they're gonna forget about it, okay?
It might just take a little time.
Well, four months is a little time.
Oh, so you're going back to Europe?
I was just calling to book
a flight when you walked in.
Oh.
Oh, my...
I thought that...
It turns out, they don't let you just...
Rush into brain surgery
because it's...
Well, it's brain surgery.
I've been doing tests all morning.
Just had an MRI.
My surgery's not for a few more days.
Talk about blue brains, huh?
I keep... thinking that I'm
never going to see you again.
And then I see you...
Again.
When I got your message this
morning, I thought that...
I'm just happy that you're here now.
And that you're doing this.
You love to get your way.
How 'bout you?
You seem less freaked out
than you were yesterday.
Hmm, yeah, that's not saying much.
Was your family worried when you got back?
Did you tell "Dimples" what happened?
I'm sorry, I know you don't
like when I call him that.
No, it's not that. We...
We broke up.
Again.
Or he broke up with me.
Oh.
Anyway.
I'm getting kind of tired.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'll leave you alone.
I'll uh...
See you when I check in, cancer friend.
Should we come back later?
No, honey, we've only
been here five minutes.
And she's slept through every one of them.
Listen, I'm going to the vending machines.
They have rolos.
Wait, don't go.
Oh, she's awake.
I made you some chicken salad.
Oh, I'm sorry. She's actually not allowed
to have any outside food.
We have her on a strict diet.
Oh, can't she have a little chicken salad?
It's low fat?
Granny, they're paranoid about bacteria
until my blood counts go up.
Well, there's no bacteria
in my chicken salad.
But, okay.
And I knitted you a hat.
Is that allowed?
Yeah, totally.
Not that it matters,
you probably think it's ugly, but...
No, I love it.
It's... wow.
I can't wait to see you in it.
Yeah, here it comes.
Oh boy.
Uh, listen, now that you've
got your loser hat on,
you up for a game of chess?
I don't know, um...
I might get dizzy.
There are always excuses.
Nobody plays chess anymore.
- Now that you don't come to visit us.
- Okay, let's play.
Well, here...
I'll help you with that pillow.
I got it. I got it.
I'm gonna roast you and toast you.
Okay now.
And here we go.
You can have white.
Are you feeling sick?
- Is it the chemo?
- No, it's granny's perfume,
it's like all over you.
You should smell the house.
And now she's trying to get me
to wear it, like, on purpose.
She says it'll drive all the boys crazy.
Uh, boys?
Yeah.
I haven't gotten around
to telling them yet.
It's just so awkward, like...
If I tell them that I like girls,
they're gonna picture
me having sex with them.
You can always test the waters
by telling them I'm the gay one?
I am about to have some really short hair.
As a sometimes lesbian I find
that stereotype very offensive.
So, um...
My hair started falling out.
I know that's like...
The least of my problems right now, but...
God, I'm so sorry.
That must...
No, I'm sorry, I'm just...
- Having a moment.
- Don't apologize.
I have meltdowns in
front of you all the time.
But, you're the little sister.
So?
Hey Brenna, did you eat breakfast?
Hey, why is all the Christmas stuff out?
Okay, good,
everyone's here.
So, I had an idea.
I stayed over with April last night,
and...
She told me that she
started to lose her hair.
She did already?
Oh, that means the chemo's working.
She's gonna beat this.
I know, yeah,
but she seemed really sad about it.
So I was trying to think of ways
that we could cheer her up, and...
I thought that maybe she'd like it
if we decorated her room with all of this.
What a great idea!
She would love that.
April was always obsessed with Christmas
I remember when she was nine,
she dressed up Brenna as...
A reindeer!
- I remember.
- Actually, it was the baby Jesus.
Oh, you said she was nine?
I thought you said eight.
That was the reindeer year.
Uh, I don't think Brenna
was even born then...
but I could be wrong.
Yeah, I think you are.
I can't find that other
big bag of Christmas stuff?
You know, the red one?
Oh, well, remember...
We had to get rid of that bag last year.
Bed bugs lay their eggs
in soft, dark places.
Hypothetically.
- Good morning, hey ma.
- There he is!
Hello. Hey dad.
I'm surprised you can see him.
He's so pale, he's almost transparent.
Uh... it's good to see you too, dad.
I'm just saying you don't get out much.
Not that you ever did.
Oh, you know, I'm uh...
I'm very busy.
I'm a doctor, too.
I made a social life for
myself, a couple of kids...
You just gotta meet the right girl.
Well, and then the right
girl has to like me back.
Have you tried looking online, dear?
My friend, Valerie, her son, who is a...
Oh, I don't know how you call it now,
uh, polyamorous?
He found a lovely couple online,
and they're all, apparently, very happy.
Well, great. Well, thanks,
that's very encouraging, mom.
Oh!
Okay.
- Ah.
- Be careful.
You don't want to add infertility
to your other problems.
Sorry, we don't have Christmas
decorations this time of year.
How is that possible?
Your store is called "the
Christmas tree store."
Yeah, they just thought it would
be a cute name for the store.
So, you hardly ever sell
Christmas decorations
and you never sell Christmas trees,
even at Christmas.
Have you ever been sued?
Oh, come on.
Let's go find Artie
before something bad happens to him.
I cannot believe that we sent him to get
a plastic tree
from a complete stranger on eBay.
We should've sent you.
No, we're not giving up on this, okay?
How about we just...
get a bunch of different
holiday decorations.
That will at least make April laugh.
Yeah, we just got our
fourth of July stuff in.
Eh?
Sorry, independence is
kind of a sensitive subject
for the person that we're
throwing the party for.
Why? Did she used to
be in jail or something?
No, it's...
Long story.
Well, my shift's another seven hours,
if you feel like telling it.
We can finish the shopping
if you want to stay and talk.
I don't think she does.
Well, how do you know?
Maybe she wants to keep her options open?
Oh, Brenna!
Why don't we buy some of these?
I don't know what holiday they're for,
but they're just so colorful.
Last day of chemo.
I'd cheer if I had any energy.
Well, I hate to add insult to injury,
or illness as it were,
but your numbers are getting a little low.
Which is normal after a round of chemo.
But if they get any lower,
all of your visitors are
gonna have to wear these.
Oh, that's really going
to bring out my eyes.
Don't be jealous, April.
You'll have to wear one whenever
you have to leave the room.
Also, we're going to keep you
hooked up to your IV for the next...
24 to 48 hours.
Just to make sure you're
getting enough fluids.
I know, it's annoying, but...
It's for your own protection.
Hair appointment for April Carver.
Dr. Hamburg said it might
be less traumatic to just...
take it all off at once.
I'm gonna give you some space.
But if you need me, I'm here.
You want the eyebrows off too?
What?! No.
Hey, uh... Could we just have a minute?
You know, before you
"GI Jane" my friend here?
Thanks.
What if I just did this for you?
Do you even know how to cut hair?
Does it even matter?
Fine, whatever.
Just do it however you want.
Okay.
However I want, you say?
So, do you like it?
You know I thought it'd
be more fun if we just,
you know, take baby steps.
And this way we can try a few more looks
before we go all out.
- I want to see it again.
- Ah.
Knock knock!
Did I just barge in on a private moment?
That is the thing about
working in a hospital,
it's like, never a good time.
I'm just gonna leave
these here and go, okay?
Here we go, okay.
Oh...
Did I hurt you? Are you hurt?
Okay, I am gonna go before I kill you.
- I'm so sorry.
- No, it's okay.
I'm fine.
I'm so sorry, I'm just...
New. Trying to figure out the rules.
But, I've already started dating
one of the residents, Dr. Weaver.
- Ooh, good choice.
- Oh, yeah.
I know right?
And it's kind of awkward timing though,
because my roommate's
moving in with her fiance
and now I have this huge two-bedroom
in bay village all to myself.
And if we had started dating
a couple months ago, like...
Maybe he'd be ready to
move in by now, but...
Anyway.
I guess I just need to find a roommate.
Oh, wow.
I'm getting run down from all this hosting.
Could be my mother's perfume.
She's not exactly known for her subtlety.
I tell you, she and my dad
were really made for each other.
Sorry it's been so awkward, all this...
Questions about your love life.
I'm used to it.
It'd be nice just to be able
to give them a real answer.
Of course, that would mean
I'd need to have one myself.
It's just... it's not that simple.
You know I feel what you do.
Okay, that's good.
So?
So...
Can we wait to have this discussion
after the guests all
leave and things calm down.
I just, I can't go there right now.
Sure, sure, yeah.
We should get out from
under this thing though, huh?
Yeah, Brenna put that up.
That's just a joke.
She doesn't know anything.
Oh...
I'm really starting to
be worried about this.
No, no. George, I'm not avoiding
having the conversation...
No, no, no, I'm worried,
because there's a cold going around.
Well, okay, I'll...
Pick up some cold medicine
on the way to the hospital.
Sara, no.
I'm saying that if you're getting sick,
you can't visit April.
At all.
Congratulations.
Your first round of chemo is over.
In a few weeks we'll
do a bone marrow biopsy
just to make sure this one worked.
And if it did...
We'll wait for your counts to recover
before we start your
next round of treatment.
I'm so sorry that your mom is sick.
I know she really wanted
to be here for you, today.
How long until she can come back?
Probably a week, just to be safe.
Come on, come on.
Well...
That's a sexy haircut.
Yeah, I feel really sexy right now.
Gran and grandpa, this is Dr. Hamburg.
Hi, it's so nice to meet you.
Oh, Dr. Hamburg!
Yes, how do you do, Doctor?
Let me know if you need anything else.
How you feel, Ape? Huh? Like a fighter?
'Cause that's what you are.
You're gonna fight this
thing till you beat it.
Right? Before you know it,
you'll forget that this ever happened.
I rarely think about my eczema anymore.
Well, you sure talk a lot about it.
Oh.
Ah...
We bored her to sleep.
You  bored her to sleep.
All right.
We'll be back tomorrow.
Hey!
Nice hair.
Is that... that's not a wig, is it?
No, I, um...
Thought I would just try
and do this in stages.
Anyway, I just wanted to...
Welcome you to the neighborhood.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, I was gonna...
I was gonna stop by your room
when I checked in, but um...
I didn't know if you'd want me to do that.
Why wouldn't I?
I don't know...
Just after everything that
happened with your dude.
I guess I felt like I had
something to do with it.
Yeah, but...
You weren't the only reason.
We weren't really...
Connecting, and a lot of that was
my fault.
I kept a lot of stuff from him.
Yeah. It's hard to connect to people
who aren't going through this too.
How are you?
Big day tomorrow, huh?
Oh yeah, what is it? Uh... flag day?
That's how you deal with this?
Just pretend it isn't happening?
Oh, no, they make sure
I know it's happening.
These are all the forms I have to fill out
before they put me under.
Do not resuscitate,
physician's orders
for life sustaining treatment,
who gets to make decisions for me
if I become a vegetable,
my will.
Are you scared?
Of what?
Come on.
Dying.
Sure.
I never used to be afraid of it.
In the abstract, but...
Now that I know it could actually happen.
Tomorrow.
Yeah.
That's...
It's not to get all dark, but...
No, no, get dark.
I like dark.
Well, you were kind of like
the Robin Hood for cancer patients.
Using your dad's money to help them
live out their last wishes.
You ever think about what
might be on your bucket list?
Eww, you said "bucket list."
Okay, fine.
Keep making fun of me and die with regrets.
See if I care.
Okay,  that  was dark.
Sorry.
No, you're right.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
I like the blonde on you.
Thanks.
Since I'm spending all
my time with this pole,
I figured, go stripper chic.
I really thought I would feel stronger
after the chemo stopped.
Yeah, well, you know,
can't predict these things.
You feel like crap, some days.
Grandpa would say that that's
"letting the cancer win."
Eh, screw grandpa.
I mean...
I love him, he's my dad. But, uh...
I know how he can be.
He kind of made me feel like a failure
when I didn't like, spring
out of bed this morning.
Well, he's the last thing
you need to worry about.
I feel bad, you know,
complaining about them
when I only see them once a year.
April, come on, that's okay.
You're an adult now.
It's okay to let some
relationships be more superficial.
Sorry you're sick, mom.
If it makes you feel
any better, I'm sicker.
That doesn't make me feel any better.
But I'm glad to get to
see your little face.
And your hair!
Very Marilyn! How'd you do...
Hi, honey! How're you feeling?
Um, yeah, I'm okay.
Oh, that doesn't sound like
my little samurai warrior?
Where's that fighting spirit?
Dad, why don't you just let April
feel however she's feeling.
Spoken like a man who's
never been in the army.
Well, enough about me.
What's going on with
you guys? Any new gossip?
We think Brenna has a boyfriend.
Oh, yeah... you guys,
seriously, please stop.
Look at her, she's blushing!
All right, let's leave Brenna alone.
What? Leave her alone?
Says the woman who gets
to see you girls 52 weeks
out of the year.
And Artie and I only get one.
Granny, it's okay, she didn't mean that.
I guess that's what we
get for trying to catch up
with our own grandkids.
I don't have a boyfriend!
I was dating someone
and we broke up.
But it was a girl because...
I'm bi, okay?
Bisexual.
We know what it means.
I can't believe this.
You call yourself a liberal.
- Okay, can you all just...
- I don't care that she's gay.
- Uh, bi.
- I care that nobody
told me until now.
I am the last to know anything.
For all I know, you could be married
with three children, right now,
and not telling your mother.
Maybe he's bi.
Oh, my God.
You know what? Maybe I did meet somebody.
But why would I tell you?
So you two could pick my life apart?
Oh, don't be so sensitive!
It's just that you lead a...
- Less normal life than...
- Than who?
Than Thomas?
Stop holding Thomas up as a model
for what a good son is supposed to be,
because, let me tell you
something, he had plenty of secrets
that he never told you.
Talk about secrets?
Do you know about the affair that he had?
Do you know about the fact that he's got
a child who's 22 years old now?
I guess you all
know about Natalie.
What?
Thomas told us.
A year before he died.
- And you never told me?
- Mom, please, just...
He was my son, it was his right to...
And I was his wife!
Stop! Everybody just stop!
If there's one thing that isn't
gonna make me feel any better,
it's this.
So thanks for...
trying to do the happy
family thing for me, but...
from now on, just don't bother.
If you have to come visit me,
you can come one at a time.
And if you can't do that, then just...
Leave me alone.
What do we do about Christmas?
Thanks a lot you guys.
Knock knock!
Are you busy right now?
No.
Good.
Because I'm kidnapping you.
Ha!
You're insane.
I was just trying to recreate
our Grand Theft Auto experience.
Well, mission accomplished.
I feel like a criminal again.
Are we even allowed to be in here?
Oh, no. No, probably not.
Then let's go.
I shouldn't be away from my fluids anyway.
Dr. Hamburg said I need to
be on them for 24 to 48 hours
and it's barely been 24.
Man, you are being even more anal now,
than you were in the sport's car.
Come on.
Hospital rules are not law.
You know, they're...
They're more like suggestions.
We're supposed to keep those on.
You really think that
glorified piece of tissue
is doing anything?
Listen, you asked me what
was on my bucket list.
Well, what's on my list
is for us to not worry tonight.
You know who doesn't worry about anything?
Kids.
So can we just...
Act like a couple of
kids for a little while?
Huh?
It's... it's my maybe dying wish.
You're here early.
Well, that's because we have a problem
and we all have to have a talk.
Well, we have to do it in an hour.
I just had a cup of bran,
and if I don't do my
morning walk right now,
- my entire digestive system...
- Uh, Lynn?
Your ass will survive.
All right, just everybody listen up, okay?
All right, look, uh... Last night...
We all let our issues with
each other get the better of us.
And we forgot to put April first.
Except for Brenna,
who's been putting her
sister first since day one.
Yes, she has.
And by the way, Brenna,
I don't think there's
anyone here who's not
proud that you're gay.
I don't really use that label.
Or whatever the hell you are.
Yeah, uh, the point is
that Christmas is back on.
But April said
that she didn't want to see us
all together again because...
Because she was just
trying to take care of us
instead of herself.
That's how April is.
- I know that.
- Good.
Then we both know our granddaughters
and we can both be close to them.
It's not a competition.
Okay, um... Should we get
the Christmas stuff out of the living room?
Ho, ho, ho.
Okay, let's go.
Thank you for doing that.
I wish I could be there.
Yeah, me too.
So, I feel like the
logical next step for you
is the side-mullet.
Maybe these haircuts are just fighting
the inevitable.
Do you want me to just shave it?
No.
Sorry.
I know it's gonna happen
anyway, it's just...
I don't know. It's kind of hard to explain
if you're not going through it.
Sign on the dotted line, roomie!
Yay!
Are you kidding me, Chris?
Uh, Dr. Weaver's first name is Chris.
Yeah, and apparently he just
met someone new, listen to this:
"I just want to be fair to you.
I respect you so much,
I really enjoyed getting to know you.
I know you'll have no trouble meeting
a wonderful guy who deserves you."
Wow.
Just... wow.
Volunteering here was such a waste.
- It's not a waste.
- Yeah.
You're making a difference
in people's lives.
Whatever. I wanted to make
a difference in my love life,
and now no other doctor
here is gonna want to date me
because they probably have
some kind of doctor code.
Did I really just sign that lease?
Any time you want to crash here...
Oh, God...
- Hey!
- Hey.
Question: Why do people think
just because you're in the hospital
you suddenly want to read self-help books,
with names like,
"unleash the warrior within."
Thanks, aunt Kathy.
I don't know.
I need you to do something for me.
Shave my head.
Hang on just a second!
Sorry.
No, I just don't know if I'm ready.
Sorry, I know it's only hair.
No, I get it. It's...
Traumatic.
But hair does grow back.
Hey, how about if I went first?
I thought you didn't have
to shave your whole head,
just the part where they make the incision?
Doesn't mean I can't shave
my head if I want to, hmm?
I'll show you mine if you show me yours?
Scalps, I mean.
Okay.
Take it all off.
You look like an alien.
You look like a baby.
I feel like one.
It is kind of like we're...
Both being reborn.
So, what time do you
leave for surgery again?
Uh, about a half an hour.
So I'll see you in hell.
Dude...
I'm sorry.
I...
Didn't know what to say.
It's okay.
I know you don't like to make a big deal
of goodbyes so...
I won't.
See you.
No, hey.
What?
It's Christmas!
It's May!
So what?
I think you'll like this better
- than the last one I gave you.
- Oh...
God, you guys...
How sweet.
I know we all acted
like teenagers yesterday, and I'm sorry.
That's okay.
But can I be honest
with you about something?
Well, of course, pumpkin.
The way you talk about me being sick
and fighting this,
it puts a lot of pressure on me.
Like, I have to be strong
all the time and if I'm not...
I've failed.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry I made you feel that way.
I only talk like that because
I want to feel that we have the power
to affect the outcome
of all this.
Because if we don't...
It scares me.
I already lost a son.
And I don't even want to think
- about losing you...
- Hey!
Someone once told me that
being a survivor makes your life richer.
And I think that
that's kind of true.
I've lost a lot, but
I'm also gaining things.
Like, I'm...
Closer with my best
friends because of this.
And, I've made new friends.
I get a bonus Christmas with you guys!
- I mean...
- Look at you.
"Bonus Christmas."
I'm glad you all
get to spend so much
time together these days.
Yeah. Yeah, me too.
All your mom and I ever wanted was for you
to have a family.
Now I see that you do.
Thanks, pop.
It's mom, here.
Aww, I'm sad she's not here.
Go look out the window.
- Hello?
-  Can you see me?
- Mom!
- Hey, sweet girl!
Aww, I'm sorry I couldn't
be up there in person,
but you know I wouldn't miss a
holiday with you for anything.
Even Christmas in May.
I miss you so much.
I miss you, too.
Are you feeling any better?
I am now.
Vent rate within normal range.
Looking at .7 diameter.
His heart rate is dropping.
Push .5 atropine now.
Yes, Doctor.
Recessed breath signs.
Patient's decompensating.
He's flatlining.
Sync and corrections by Albanda
www.Addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org